[D,R] Network Security Group, Member, Action (#157)
powervs-ibm/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/d/pi_network_security_group.html.markdown

  - `type` - (String) The type of member. Supported values are: `ipv4-address`, `network-interface`.

- `name` - (String) The name of the network security group.

- `rules` - (List) The list of rules in the network security group.

  Nested schema for `rules`:
  - `action` - (String) The action to take if the rule matches network traffic. Supported values are: `allow`, `deny`.
  - `destination_port` - (List) The list of destination port.

      Nested schema for `destination_port`:
        - `maximum` - (Integer) The end of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 65535 will be the maximum port number.
        - `minimum` - (Integer) The start of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 1 will be the minimum port number.
  - `id` - (String) The id of the rule in a network security group.
  - `protocol` - (List) The list of protocol.

      Nested schema for `protocol`:
        - `icmp_type` - (String) If icmp type, a ICMP packet type affected by ICMP rules and if not present then all types are matched.

>         - `tcp_flags` - (List) If tcp type, the list of TCP flags and if not present then all flags are matched. Supported values are: `syn`, `ack`, `fin`, `rst`, `urg`, `psh`, `wnd`, `chk`, `seq`.
>          Nested schema for `icmp_types`:
>          - `flags` - (String) TCP flag.
>         - `type` - (String) The protocol of the network traffic. Supported values are: `icmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, `all`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `tcp_flags` - (List) If tcp type, the list of TCP flags and if not present then all flags are matched. Supported values are: `syn`, `ack`, `fin`, `rst`, `urg`, `psh`, `wnd`, `chk`, `seq`.

         Nested schema for `icmp_types`:
         - `flags` - (String) TCP flag.
        - `type` - (String) The protocol of the network traffic. Supported values are: `icmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, `all`.
```

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute references after your data source is created.

- `crn` - (String) The network security group's crn.

- `members` - (List) The list of IPv4 addresses and\or network interfaces in the network security group.

  Nested schema for `members`:
  - `id` - (String) The id of the member in a network security group.
  - `mac_address` - (String) The mac address of a network interface included if the type is `network-interface`.
  - `target` - (String) If `ipv4-address` type, then IPv4 address or if `network-interface` type, then network interface id.
  - `type` - (String) The type of member. Supported values are: `ipv4-address`, `network-interface`.

- `name` - (String) The name of the network security group.

- `rules` - (List) The list of rules in the network security group.

  Nested schema for `rules`:
  - `action` - (String) The action to take if the rule matches network traffic. Supported values are: `allow`, `deny`.
  - `destination_port` - (List) The list of destination port.

      Nested schema for `destination_port`:

>         - `maximum` - (Integer) The end of the port range, if applicable, If values are not present then all ports are in the range.
>         - `minimum` - (Integer) The start of the port range, if applicable. If values are not present then all ports are in the range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `maximum` - (Integer) The end of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 65535 will be the maximum port number.
        - `minimum` - (Integer) The start of the port range, if applicable. If the value is not present then the default value of 1 will be the minimum port number.
```

This matches the newer wording. This also should be corrected in the attribute/argument descriptions and other places in the documentation wherever applicable.

Author: Good catch! 
Updated.
